{"en":"It has never been explained why university students seem to enjoy practical jokes more than anyone else. ^ ","ch":"谁也弄不清为什么大学生好像比任何人都更喜欢恶作剧。  "}
{"en":"Students specialize in a particular type of practical joke:  the hoax. ^ ","ch":"大学生擅长一种特殊的恶作剧--戏弄人。  "}
{"en":"Inviting the fire brigade to put out a nonexistent fire is a crude form of deception which no self-respecting student would ever indulge in. ^ ","ch":"请消防队来扑灭一场根本没有的大火是一种低级骗局， 有自尊心的大学生决不会去做。  "}
{"en":"Students often create amusing situations which are funny to everyone except the victims. ^ ","ch":"大学生们常常做的是制造一种可笑的局面， 使大家笑上一场， 当然受害者是笑不出来的。  "}
{"en":"When a student recently saw two workmen using a pneumatic drill outside his university, ^ ","ch":"最近有个学生看见两个工人在大学校门外用风钻干活，  "}
{"en":"he immediately telephoned the police and informed them that two students dressed up as workmen were tearing up the road with a pneumatic drill. ^ ","ch":"马上打电话报告警察， 说有两个学生装扮成工人， 正在用风钻破坏路面。  "}
{"en":"As soon as he had hung up,  he went over to the workmen and told them that if a policeman ordered them to go away,  they were not to take him seriously. ^ ","ch":"挂上电话后， 他又马上来到工人那儿， 告诉他们若有个警察来让他们走开， 不要把他当回事； "}
{"en":"He added that a student had dressed up as a policeman and was playing all sorts of silly jokes on people. ^ ","ch":"还对工人说， 有个学生常装扮成警察无聊地同别人开玩笑。  "}
{"en":"Both the police and the workmen were grateful to the student for this piece of advance information. ^ ","ch":"警察与工人都对那个学生事先通报情况表示感谢。  "}
{"en":"The student hid in an archway nearby where he could watch and hear everything that went on. ^ ","ch":"那个学生躲在附近一拱形的门廊里， 在那儿可以看见、听到现场发生的一切。  "}
{"en":"Sure enough,  a policeman arrived on the scene and politely asked the workmen to go away. ^ ","ch":"果然， 警察来了， 有礼貌地请工人离开此地； "}
{"en":"When he received a very rude reply from one of the workmen, ^ ","ch":"但其中一个工人粗鲁地回了几句。  "}
{"en":"The workmen told him to do as he pleased and the policeman telephoned for help. ^ ","ch":"工人说， 悉听尊便。 警察去打电话叫人。  "}
{"en":"Shortly afterwards,  four more policemen arrived and remonstrated with the workmen. ^ ","ch":"一会儿工夫， 又来了4个警察， 规劝工人离开。  "}
{"en":"As the men refused to stop working,  the police attempted to seize the pneumatic drill. ^ ","ch":"由于工人拒绝停下手中的活， 警察想夺风钻。  "}
{"en":"The workmen struggled fiercely and one of them lost his temper. ^ ","ch":"两个工人奋力抗争， 其中一个发了火，  "}
{"en":"At this,  the police pointed out ironically that this would hardly be necessary as the men were already under arrest. ^ ","ch":"警察听后讥讽地说， 这大可不必， 因为他俩已被逮捕了。  "}
{"en":"Pretending to speak seriously,  one of the workmen asked if he might make a telephone call before being taken to the station. ^ ","ch":"其中一个工人装模作样地问道， 在被带往警察局之前， 是否可以打一个电话。  "}
{"en":"Permission was granted and a policeman accompanied him to a pay phone. ^ ","ch":"警察同意了， 陪他来到一个投币地电话前。  "}
{"en":"Only when he saw that the man was actually telephoning the police did he realize that they had all been the victims of a hoax. ^ ","ch":"当他看到那个工人真的是给警察挂电话， 才恍然大悟， 原来他们都成了一场骗局的受害者。  "}